Added description of the Iteration component (#4656)
infiniflow/ragflow: docs/references/agent_component_reference/iteration.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 12
slug: /iteration_component
---

# Iteration component

> A component that splits its input into segments and iterates a predefined workflow for each one.

Reviewer: splits its input text

---

An **Interaction** component can divide its input into segments and apply its built-in component workflow to each segment. 

## Scenario

> An **Iteration** component is essential when a workflow loop is required and the loop count is *not* fixed but depends on the output of specific agent components. 

Reviewer: 'but depends on the output of specific agent components. ' isn't specific

---

# Iteration component

A component that splits text input into text segments and iterates a predefined workflow for each one.

---

An **Interaction** component can divide text input into text segments and apply its built-in component workflow to each segment. 

## Scenario

An **Iteration** component is essential when a workflow loop is required and the loop count is *not* fixed but depends on number of segments created from the output of specific agent components. 

- If, for instance, you plan to feed several paragraphs into an LLM for content generation, each with its own focus, and feeding them to the LLM all at once could create confusion or contradictions, then you can use an **Iteration** component, which encapsulates a **Generate** component, to repeat the content generation process for each paragraph.
- Another example: If you wish to use the LLM to translate a lengthy paper into a target language without exceeding its token limit, consider using an **Iteration** component, which encapsulates a **Generate** component, to break the paper into smaller pieces and repeat the translation process for each one.

## Internal components

### IterationItem

> Each **Iteration** component includes an internal **IterationItem** component. The **IterationItem** component serves as both the starting point and input node of the workflow within the **Iteration** component. It manages the loop of the workflow for all segments created from the input.

Reviewer: segments -> text segments

> Each **Iteration** component includes an internal **IterationItem** component. The **IterationItem** component serves as both the starting point and input node of the workflow within the **Iteration** component. It manages the loop of the workflow for all segments created from the input.

Reviewer: segments -> text segments

:::tip NOTE
The **IterationItem** component is visible *only* to the comonents encapsulated by the current **Iteration** components.
:::

> ### Added internal components 

Reviewer: Construct/Build internal workflow

> You are allowed to pull other components into the **Iteration** components to build an internal workflow, in which case these components are called "added internal componnets" and they are no longer visible to components outside of the current **Iteration** component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are allowed to pull other components into the **Iteration** component to build an internal workflow, these 'added internal components' are no longer visible to components outside of the current **Iteration** component.
```

:::danger IMPORTANT

> To reference the created segments from an added internal component, simply add a **Reference** variable that equals **IterationItem** within the **Input** section of that internal component. There is no need to reference the corresponding external component, as the **IterationItem** component manages the loop of the workflow for all created segments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reference the created text segments from an added internal component, simply add a **Reference** variable that equals **IterationItem** within the **Input** section of that internal component. There is no need to reference the corresponding external component, as the **IterationItem** component manages the loop of the workflow for all created text segments. 
```
